now yourself here is nuclear without a pike
occupation of the Crimea became one of
The main topics of the speech in the diplomat in
highest rank
uk prime minister david
cameron member arriving road to voice
and by lessons lessons great we sims
in Russia I will not exactly we maemo 5 chair
you
solutions just savannah and summit great
we sing and in Russia on sale all the lesson
residual such position is set out on
leave weave
decree leader caviar disabled simka zbrucha
so without a Russian submitted to
say tyra Kremlin may zmin this
course you are your whiskey to ministers
zakordonnyh right of Ukraine andre breathes
now the press conference has curled
Heads and Russian Emergency Situations Ministry Sergey Lavrov
With pro Hanyan would just cut it for me
definitely not the opposition of Moscow still dollars
I would like to bathe her in Crimea
meet player laurel to drink
hour of discussion immediately techniques specifically
plans rusi may something Ukraine happy
know if we could talk process we can
knocked out the vodka
and pardon you cut a new member of KMS Ukraine
for the Russian colleague the same kind of bull asya
even oxidized minister laurels voicing
tradition well kremlin position pro turn
some let's on her water 20
gone fierce
and holding a new ukrainian speak
constitutional reforms and talked about
need to finally take
decisive action so as not to
prevent the outrages of the radicals and their
the introduction of the political life of Ukraine
this was agreed on February 21 when
an agreement was signed between
presidents on blood than opposition
the presence of three foreign ministers
the affairs of the European Union countries and this
the task should not depend on any
other conditions the radicals have no place in
modern society
talked also about the need to urge
Ukrainian authorities who are now
Supreme Rada with were formed
to ensure that the most serious attention
they gave
general position reform
Secretary of UN Ban hour and protrusion
at the summit in vain bad without Beijing year in
Russia with the received states and you are lucky
britain
that Ivan himself and the guarantor of Ukraine rained
exchange for the kind of ma'ubid nuclear weapons
came jazz sends this three mania
century-old drift that doros not and not
once at all at the dj nuclear and zbroi arch
rus bro and you are the leader too
nuclear powers May to 3 mm These
guarantees of success and to find him you are
Alas, we are the torture of Ukraine for
ensuring territorial physicality
block key alla manta we decision to
his knowledge try kind of nuclear harness
avast did not die it turned out that the powers
grants are not thrown out of their tied in
within the framework of the budapest memorandum
signed at ninety-fourth lesson
in Moscow again living on all the clicks and
on a pair of jenia international spin but you
after all there was a siora g-100 procedure
establishing steamed Crimea if you
poplar to the place in the Rada federation to
growth went they became subjects of the russian
federations
Alexander Voytko Channel 5